your personality their intelligence the
way they travel through the woods I mean
they're just to me they're just a super
breed and you guys may be in serious
trouble you understand this don't you
you're going to ride three of the best
meals in Arkansas and when you leave
your second oh man I don't know i think
i have kept you I know that's what's go
ahead so I don't know they just get
under your skin I mean I've always had
them i love them from the bottom of my
heart but they never had the personality
of your pants really I Neal's things
right with you right and in fact
you know you everything pretty fast to
stay any wheel they're always I think
it's a head game the time to get on it
get please you know
you just communicate all the time
and we didn't know how to read the water
level for when for when we would win was
a good time to go up so we probably went
up with the water cook higher than it
should have been so we went in where it
was fairly shallow and then it's shallow
it was coming up here on her shoulder
and every crossing we got to get a
little deeper so we were really pushing
water in front of the town so finally
said you know I'm not swimming let's go
back so we went back and we're riding
along down there here's this building
right up on top of the sit just see the
top of it you know it's an old building
we're in a historical area sorted we got
to speak that so we're going riding up
this hill and she was in the lead and
she was right behind her and when like
when we crested the hill right when she
and I both could see that barn I look
I've never seen anything like this in my
life I looked in there lay the dough
right in front of the barn and the dough
is staring at me and the dome is staring
at her she's already spooked from all
the noise it's out on the river and that
dojo four feet straight in the air and
this meal started you know what this
meal did and when she got through with
all her turns then that cause that meal
do it and there were the both of us just
hold Mary and the only thing I could
show you when i saw that y'all I mean
that dear I knew our hammer said oh my
god and I just started grabbing cuz I
did well